Update 'Count DApp' pages (#486)
klaytn/klaytn-docs: docs/dapp/tutorials/count-bapp/2.-clone-count-bapp.md

If you want to run the app right away and see how it works, type below.

> We HIGHLY recommend you follow the test environment mentioned on the first page.

```text
$ npm install
$ npm run local
```

> &#9888; Please check the file and directory permissions if it doesn't work.

Author: I met this error [Error: EACCES: permission denied](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/38323880/error-eacces-permission-denied). So I runned this command `sudo chmod -R 777 /yourProjectDirectoryName` to resolve it.

> &#9888; Please check the file and directory permissions if it doesn't work. If you meet the '[Error: EACCES: permission denied](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/38323880/error-eacces-permission-denied)' error, this command `sudo chmod -R 755 /yourProjectDirectoryName` could be helpful for you. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
&#9888; Please check the file and directory permissions if it doesn't work. If you encounter '[Error: EACCES: permission denied](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/38323880/error-eacces-permission-denied)', the command `sudo chmod -R 755 /yourProjectDirectoryName` could be helpful for you. 
```
